# Changes log for the Ruby CFF Library

## Version 0.2.0

* Add a rubygems version badge to the README.
* Add older rubies to the CI, but allow failures.
* Add the licence to the gemspec.
* Rename the ALLOWED_METHODS list to FIELDS.
* Send missing methods straight to Model, from File.
* Fix passing through arguments for missing methods (File).
* Add a Util module with delete_from_hash as first utility.
* Move method_to_field to the Util module.
* Refactor for more complete parsing ability.
* Freeze the allowed fields constant in Model.
* Change allowed fields to be more flexible
* Add abstract to Model.
* Factor out the process of converting array fields to yaml.
* Fix test for authors that was split incorrectly.
* Add contact to Model.
* Add tests to check capitalized fields are rejected.
* Refactor model building for maintainability.
* Add commit to the Model.
* Add doi to the Model.
* Add keywords to Model.
* Fix #11: prevent serialization of empty collections.
* Add license to Model.
* Refactor testing simple fields.
* Add license-url to Model.
* Simplify parsing the keywords in Model.
* Refactor testing reading complete CFF file.
* Add repository* to Model.
* Add url to Model.
* Fix #12: typo in README example usage.
* Add to the quick start example in the README.
* Create a new base class (ModelPart) for parts of the model.
* Add ModelPart#method_missing.
* Add affiliation to Person, and tests for it too.
* Add address to Entity, and tests for it too.
* Add accessors for required fields on Person, Entity.
* Add the rest of the optional fields in Person.
* Add the rest of the simple fields in Entity.
* Add the date fields in Entity.
* Test dates in Entity with text inputs.

## Version 0.1.0

* Add a code of conduct.
* Add Travis configuration.
* Add licence text to all source files.
* Add a Travis badge to the README.
* Add a CodeClimate badge to the README.
* Set up coveralls integration.
* Add a coveralls badge to the README.
* Add the current CFF spec version as the default.
* Add a simple model class.
* Message doesn't need to be passed to new.
* Add title to model and wire into default message.
* Add a method to set the message.
* Remove the default values on ingestion.
* Swap requires in main cff file.
* Only set a default message on construction.
* Add a File class to read and write CFF files.
* Switch to using standard accessor for message field.
* Streamline title output tests.
* Add a set title method to Model and test it.
* Turn off line wrapping in Model yaml output.
* Fix #2. Don't include title in the default message.
* Test that yaml output doesn't include the header.
* Write cff from a String or Model.
* Fix #3. Create a File from either a model or title.
* When testing file loading, compare to yaml directly.
* Test the message is loaded correctly into a File.
* Add version to the Model and File APIs.
* Add date-released to the Model and File APIs.
* Fix cff_version test.
* Move the Model class to a Hash-based implementation.
* Initialize Model with a title or a Hash.
* Update the File class to use the new Model class.
* Use a method whitelist for Model and File.
* Add a Person model to represent authors.
* Add an Entity model to represent authors.

## About this file

This file is, at least in part, generated by the following command:

```shell
$ git log --pretty=format:"* %s" --reverse --no-merges <commit-hash>..
```
